Website for tropical meeting 2022-02 (#215)
oscar-system/oscar-website: meetings/2022-02/location.md

---
layout: meeting
title: Location
meeting: true
meeting_nr: 202202
---

> The OSCAR Meeting in June 2019 takes place in-person in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OSCAR Meeting in February 2022 takes place in-person in
```
